Array : An array is a collection of items of similar type at contiguous memory locations. The idea is to store multiple 
        items of same type together. Array is the basic data structure to store the multiple information i.e., data 
        under a single variable.  

        Example : arr = [15, 12, 10, 19, 18, 27, 60]; 
                index:   0    1   2   3   4  5   6
                where, 15, 12, 10, 19, 18, 27, 60 are the elements of the array

Note : Java arrays are sero-based indexing i.e., array index started from 0(zero).

Types of Array: In Java, arrays are generally categorised in two types mentioned as below:
                a)One-dimentional array(1-D array)
                b)Multi-dimentional array(2-D array, 3-D... etc)
Note:a)Whenever, we have large quantity of information of same type i.e., data then we use array to store those information.
     b)In array, each element can be uniquely identified by their index. In Java array, index starts from 0(zero) which means
       it is zero based indexing.
     c)In Java , all arrays are dynamically allocated.
     d)It is important to note that, Java arrays are object and its length can be find using the object property "length".
       This is different from C/C++, where "sizeof" is used to find its length.
     e)An array can contain primitives(int, char, etc) type values and object references(non-primitives) of a class depending
       on the definition of array. In case of primitive data types, the actual values are stored in contiguous memeory 
       location. And in case of class object, the actual object are stored in a heap segment.
     f)Default values of an array is 0(zero).

Array Declaration(Creating an array): The array declaration has two components namely:
                                      i)Data type 
                                     ii)Variable name.
i)Data type: Data type element will determines the user about what kind of item the array will hold.
ii)Variable name: This is the name given to the respective array.

    Syntax for creating an 1-d array : data_type variable_name[];   or,
                                       data_type[] variable_name; 
                                       
                             Example: int arr[]; //Declaration of an array and "int" represents the array will 
                                                 //hold values of int type.
                                                 
                                